Please Note: You have the flexibility to run these tests either locally or via GitHub Actions, with both methods guaranteeing seamless functionality. Should you encounter any difficulties during test execution, kindly inform me promptly for assistance.


**Cypress Test Repository:**
1. This repository contains automated tests for VALIDATION OF INDIVIDUAL CURRENT ACCOUNT (Technical Excercise) using Cypress.
   
Follow the steps below to clone this repository and run the tests locally or using GitHub Actions.

**Clone the Repository**
1. Open your terminal or command prompt.

Clone the repository using the following command:
1. git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-cypress-repo.git

**Installing Cypress Locally**
Before running the tests locally, you'll need to install Cypress on your machine. Follow these steps:
1. Ensure you have Node.js and npm installed on your machine. If not, you can download and install them.
2. Navigate to the cloned repository directory:
   cd your-cypress-repo
3. Install Cypress as a dev dependency using npm:
   npm install cypress --save-dev

**Running Locally**
Once Cypress is installed, you can open the Cypress Test Runner by running:
  npx cypress open  //This command will open the Cypress Test Runner, allowing you to select and run technicalExercise.cy.js spec file.
  

**Running GitHub Actions on Push:**

1. Fork the Repository:

	* Sign into your Github account
	* avigate to https://github.com/mendi-J/Technical-Exercise repo to run GitHub Actions.
	* Click on the "Fork" button in the top-right corner of the repository page.
	* This will create a copy of the repository in your GitHub account.

2. Clone the Forked Repository:

	* Open your terminal or command prompt.
	* Clone the forked repository to your local machine using the following command:

		- git clone https://github.com/your-username/forked-repo.git

3. Make Changes:

	* To make any changes to the workflow file or any other files, do so in your local copy of the repository.

4. Commit and Push Changes:

	* After making the necessary changes, commit them to your local repository:
		- git add .
		- git commit -m "Your commit message here"
	* Push the changes to your forked repository on GitHub:
		- git push origin master

5. Navigate to Actions Tab:

	* Go to your forked repository on GitHub.
	* Click on the "Actions" tab at the top of the repository.

6. View Workflow:

	* You'll see the GitHub Actions workflow listed. It should start running automatically when you push changes to the repository.
	* Click on the workflow to view its progress.

7. Monitor Workflow:

	* GitHub Actions will run the workflow according to the triggers and steps defined in the workflow file.
	* You can monitor the progress of the workflow and view any logs or output generated by the actions.

8. Review Results:

	* Once the workflow has completed, you can review the results to ensure that the actions were executed successfully.

9. Repeat as Needed:

	* You can continue to push changes to your forked repository, and GitHub Actions will automatically run the workflow each time you push changes.


